c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\SimpleChat.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\SimpleChat.pdb
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\obj\Debug\SimpleChat.dll
c:\users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\obj\Debug\SimpleChat.pdb
C:\Users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\sergiy\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\obj\Debug\SimpleChat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\SimpleChat.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\SimpleChat.pdb
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\obj\Debug\SimpleChat.dll
D:\[projects]\SimpleChat\SimpleChat\obj\Debug\SimpleChat.pdb
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\obj\Debug\SimpleChat.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\obj\Debug\SimpleChat.pdb
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\SimpleChat.dll.config
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\SimpleChat.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\SimpleChat.pdb
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Work\projects\chat\SimpleChat\obj\Debug\SimpleChat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
